feat: add transfer and call & update ICA (#334)
hyperlane-xyz/v3-docs: docs/guides/transfer-and-call.mdx

# Transfer and Call Pattern

## Overview

The **Transfer and Call Pattern** enables a contract to both bridge assets via Hyperlane Warp Routes and execute an action on the destination chain after the assets arrive.

This pattern is useful for cases where an action depends on token balances after bridging, such as:

- automated deposits
- staking
- contract interactions.

While Warp Routes handle cross-chain token transfers, this pattern extends their capabilities by using Interchain Accounts (ICA) to execute arbitrary logic on the destination chain.

## Use Cases

Some scenarios include:

> - A user deposits assets on an L2, mints a derivative, and then needs to bridge the underlying asset to an L1 vault for further use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A user deposits assets on an L2, mints a derivative, and then needs to bridge the underlying asset to an L1 vault for collateralization.
```

- A protocol facilitates faster withdrawals by using an L1 liquidity pool, allowing users to bypass extended bridge withdrawal delays, while still ensuring final settlement occurs through the rollup bridge.

## How It Works

1. Tokens are transferred from the sender to the contract.
2. An [Interchain Account (ICA)](/docs/reference/applications/interchain-account) is derived for the contract on the destination chain.

> 3. The Warp Route transfer is initiated, sending the tokens cross-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Warp Route transfer is initiated, sending the tokens crosschain to the interchain account
```

> 4. A remote contract call is executed after the tokens arrive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. A remote contract call is executed on the destination chain from the interchain account after the tokens arrive.
```

The Solidity function below demonstrates this pattern:

```solidity
function transferAndCall(
    uint32 destination,
    uint256 amount,
    IERC20 asset, // Tokens to transfer (not derivable from TokenRouter)
    TokenRouter warpRoute,
    CallLib.Call[] calldata calls // Array of calls to execute on the destination chain
) external payable {

    // Transfer the specified amount of tokens from the sender to this contract
    asset.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount);

    // Get the interchain account address for the contract on the destination chain
    bytes32 self = interchainAccountRouter
        .getRemoteInterchainAccount(destination, address(this))
        .addressToBytes32();

    // Quote the gas fee for the warp route payment
    uint256 warpFee = warpRoute.quoteGasPayment(destination);

    // Initiate the warp route transfer to send tokens cross-chain
    warpRoute.transferRemote{value: warpFee}(destination, self, amount);

    // Execute the specified interchain calls using the remaining gas funds
    interchainAccountRouter.callRemote{value: msg.value - warpFee}(
        destination,
        calls
    );
}
```

:::note

> - The contract must ensure the tokens arrive before executing the follow-up action.

Reviewer: maybe add a note about most calls requiring a token balance will revert before the tokens arrive and that the relayer retries with backoff to deliver the ICA call

Reviewer: also that the ICA may need to do an ERC20 approval call in addition to a deposit
